What encourages accountability? Um, number one sakes, You know, fiduciary
responsibilities. Easy. If you signed for it, people responsible
for you become the wardroom mess. Treasurer, you're always possible
for the news you become, the more the officer you're responsible for
passing all those little tiny boats. Um, if you sign for something,
okay, fun. That's gonna be your responsibility. I could tell you when
I was so er duty, engineering, school, battery school about Ray.
They were one of the department's. The physics department was running
a coffee house out of the mess because there was no coffee at that
end of campus at that time. And no one has permission. I want to know
about it. Suddenly, they were $300. In the whole, our bar is attention.
So way had to encourage a little bit more accountability. At
that point on, dhe lay down the law and this band that mess okay, because
they couldn't come up with it. Um, so it's hardest accountability.
That's that fiduciary responsibility, accountability for the mission
for the team. If you're on the A s w officer and we're going
out on the range in two months to fire a live warhead. Okay. Thank will
Better know how we're gonna do that. What? All the fire? Because
we want to come back with a broom attached to the mast way. Don't wanna
be known as the ship that couldn't shoot straight because you knew
I'd get the look out firing procedures or didn't understand how
the total ray was supposed to respond to that. You take You met firing
criteria because you isolated summer and you can tell a geo foreign
criterias met weapon away. Put it away.